README.md, before:

VetManager®: Cloud Veterinary Management
===================

**Welcome to VetManager®!**
VetManager® is a service which allows you to manage your veterinary practice easily. You can have an ordered storage with all things that matters: clients, pets, inventory, appointments, diagnoses…

Your clients can request appointments online even adding some info/pictures about their pet problem so you can have an approach to the problem before they arrive to your clinic. 

Once you are attending them, you have the option to store everything you need without losing the focus on your daily work, the service is almost transparent to you, you can configure what data you need to save and its order. 

The web portal will be designed as responsive, so you or your clients can use it in your laptop, tablet, phone, desktop computer... The only thing you need is: internet access or a server running our VetManager® core.

----------


Different access based on roles
-------------

The endpoint is the same whoever you are, your clients can access to their pet history (or not, depending your configuration) introducing some personal data. 

**Based on the role, you have the following capabilities:**

> **As veterinary:**

> - Manage all your clients, adding or updating them.
> - View and configure the appointments
> - Register the appointment's details
> - Manage your inventory and customize the reminders in order to avoid out of stock situations.
> - Check pets history.


> **As client:**

> - Request new appointments
> - Check your pet history


----------

Data entities
-------------------

 1. **Owner** 
 Personal info about client: name, owned pets, contact data…
 2. **Appointment** (N:1 Pet)
 Data containing appointment date, pet involved, subject…
 3. **Pet** (1:1 Client)
	 1. Pet details
	 2. Anamnesis / Diagnosis / Treatment (N:1 Pet)
 4. **Inventory**
List of vaccines, equipment… All the stuff used in the veterinary practice that may be wasted in time or have a maximum date to be used. 
 5. **Personnel** (N:N Pet appointment)
 6. **Settings** 
 All settings related with the veterinary clinic: Appointment configuration, veterinary practice name, reminders settings, opening hours, contact info…


----------

Internal Service
--------------------

- **Emailing service for appointment reminders**


-----------

Optional features
-------------------

1. **Access based on roles**
2. **mongoDB for Managers**

----------

3rd Party frameworks
-------------------

 - MaterializeCSS (Frontend)

----------


Contributors
-------------

 - Marcos Tenrero Morán ([@mtenrero](https://github.com/mtenrero))
 - Adrián Rubio Morlote ([@adrxx](https://github.com/adrxx))
 - Jesús Guitérrez López ([@Was17](https://github.com/Was17))

Our Trello dashboard: https://trello.com/b/d1yQOm1i/dad-development

Commit message:

Upgraded project architecture & moved from CDN to Sass
* We now use the Sass sources to generate our own custom css
* That CSS must be compiled before launch the Spring app with mvn compile

README.md, after:

VetManager®: Cloud Veterinary Management
===================

**Welcome to VetManager®!**
VetManager® is a service which allows you to manage your veterinary practice easily. You can have an ordered storage with all things that matters: clients, pets, inventory, appointments, diagnoses…

Your clients can request appointments online even adding some info/pictures about their pet problem so you can have an approach to the problem before they arrive to your clinic. 

Once you are attending them, you have the option to store everything you need without losing the focus on your daily work, the service is almost transparent to you, you can configure what data you need to save and its order. 

The web portal will be designed as responsive, so you or your clients can use it in your laptop, tablet, phone, desktop computer... The only thing you need is: internet access or a server running our VetManager® core.

----------


Different access based on roles
-------------

The endpoint is the same whoever you are, your clients can access to their pet history (or not, depending your configuration) introducing some personal data. 

**Based on the role, you have the following capabilities:**

> **As veterinary:**

> - Manage all your clients, adding or updating them.
> - View and configure the appointments
> - Register the appointment's details
> - Manage your inventory and customize the reminders in order to avoid out of stock situations.
> - Check pets history.


> **As client:**

> - Request new appointments
> - Check your pet history


----------

Data entities
-------------------

 1. **Owner** 
 Personal info about client: name, owned pets, contact data…
 2. **Appointment** (N:1 Pet)
 Data containing appointment date, pet involved, subject…
 3. **Pet** (1:1 Client)
	 1. Pet details
	 2. Anamnesis / Diagnosis / Treatment (N:1 Pet)
 4. **Inventory**
List of vaccines, equipment… All the stuff used in the veterinary practice that may be wasted in time or have a maximum date to be used. 
 5. **Personnel** (N:N Pet appointment)
 6. **Settings** 
 All settings related with the veterinary clinic: Appointment configuration, veterinary practice name, reminders settings, opening hours, contact info…


----------

Internal Service
--------------------

- **Emailing service for appointment reminders**


-----------

Optional features
-------------------

1. **Access based on roles**
2. **mongoDB for Managers**

----------

3rd Party frameworks
-------------------

 - MaterializeCSS (Frontend)

----------

How to deploy
-------------

1. **Compile Sass:** You must execute mvn compile after lauch the Spring application.

----------

Contributors
-------------

 - Marcos Tenrero Morán ([@mtenrero](https://github.com/mtenrero))
 - Adrián Rubio Morlote ([@adrxx](https://github.com/adrxx))
 - Jesús Guitérrez López ([@Was17](https://github.com/Was17))

Our Trello dashboard: https://trello.com/b/d1yQOm1i/dad-development
